---
title: What is jared.today?
date: 2023-01-01 09:00:00
tags:
    - about, accountability
keywords:
    - accountability, quantification, goals, habits
---

Your life, no doubt, has an enormous amount of complexity. My life is no different; it is complex.

&nbsp;
&nbsp;

I have learned over the years that one needs to be deliberate with the choices one makes. Each decision you make has a trade-off; most of the time, we don't explicitly think about those trade-offs. For example, we stay up late one evening because we're engrossed in a movie or binge-watching the latest tv series. In that case, we are trading off our sleep duration and likely sleep quality.


&nbsp;
&nbsp;

Trading off sleep quality has a negative impact. Think now about the blast radius harmful sleep has on our life (energy, mood, attitude). What may have been a micro decision in that specific context, when left unrecognised and repeatedly made over months and years, results in a macro impact.

&nbsp;
&nbsp;

The result of these micro-type decisions in my life has had positive and negative impacts. I see positive results when I am intentional about decisions and have a system. Most disturbing, though, is the number of micro-decisions creating a reality full of many unmet goals, pursuits and untapped talent. This reality, therefore, drives me to be more disciplined in achieving what I truly desire.

&nbsp;
&nbsp;

I'm reaching an age where not prioritising my overall health, fitness, and strength is non-negotiable. I have a family that depends on me. As a father and a husband, I have a profound responsibility to bring my A-game to every aspect of life. By not doing so, I am being negligent.

&nbsp;
&nbsp;

After many pursuits, the key ingredient that has made me successful is accountability. One of the primary uses of this platform will be for me to be held publicly accountable for achieving my goals. I will openly track my progress towards the goals and habits I am trying to build.

&nbsp;
&nbsp;

The secondary use of this platform is to inspire people who want to take back control of their lives and transform into the person they want to be. 

&nbsp;
&nbsp;

So, selfishly I want you to come on this journey with me, and I want you to be inspired to make a positive change in your life.

&nbsp;
&nbsp;

&nbsp;
&nbsp;


Speak soon. JM.